today I'm going to show you how to make
a very savory of snack called stuffed
peppers and it's a very nice snack from
southern China and for this I'm going to
use minced fish with pork but you can
make a you can if you prefer you can use
prawns if you like and for this you need
about 1 pound of peppers red or green
but I like to use a combination of the
two and some yellow peppers if they're
available and what you need to do is
make the stuffing next and the stuffing
requires some water chestnut and water
chestnut comes in tin and it looks like
this it has a nice sweet taste and a
crispy texture and for this I need to
cut it up very fine them and here I'm
using it chinese cleaver but you can use
a knife if you wish chop it fine and add
it to four ounces of very finely chopped
water chestnuts and some of the other
ingredients I'm going to use for this
recipe is 8 ounces of minced pork pork
is used a great deal in Chinese cookery
and I have here 8 ounces of white fish
or you can use any type of white fish
like haddock sea bass or fish like that
and cod works very well also it's an
unusual combination of fish and pork but
it works very well and here I have 1 egg
white and this will be used to lighten
the mixture 1 teaspoon of corn flour
which will be used to bind the mixture a
teaspoon of salt
one and a half tablespoon of light soy
sauce which is used widely in Chinese
southern cooking two teaspoon of sesame
oil which will give it a nice toasty
flavor and one tablespoon of rice wine
or you can use dry sherry if you can't
get rice wine one teaspoon of sugar and
this will enhance the flavors of the
stuffing and finally two tablespoon of
very finely chopped spring onions take
the mixture and mix it very well
together it's an unusual combination of
of pork and seafood but it's really
quite delicious
mmm smells so good already mix it very
well and this is what it should look
like when it's properly mixed now I'm
going to stuff the peppers and for this
you need about 3 ounces of corn flour
and you need to dust the inside of the
pepper so that the stuffing can be bound
together with the peppers and this is
how you do it you take the corn flour
put it in the center of the peppers like
this and then tap out any excess this
will prevent your stuffing from being
gooey and I like to stuff this with a
teaspoon I think your teaspoon is quite
nice and I love this stuffing because it
smells so good already and be sure to
press down to get out any air pockets so
that also this will make sure that the
stuffing doesn't fall out while you're
cooking it and I like to mom this quite
well and if the pepper is very large you
need to cut it into four and if it's
very small just cut it into two which is
fine and for this I'm going to cut it
into four sections because this is a
rather large pepper and I'm putting it
on a heat proof plate
and look how lovely they look now the
peppers are ready to be steamed and
steamed them for about 15 to 20 minutes
and what I like to do is I like to steam
them for usually about 15 minutes and
here I am using a European steamer and
you can use a wok with a rack and a lid
if you wish and this is what they look
like when they're steamed they're really
quite lovely and especially with all the
different colors and what's very
interesting about these is that you can
make them ahead of time up to this point
2 hours in advance or if you like you
can actually eat them straight aways but
what I like to do is I like to Brown
them slightly in some oil so it gives
them a nice crispy texture and color in
and tastes